---
title: "Before & After: Real Client Success Stories with PRP & Exosomes"
category: "Hair Restoration"
image: "/media/services/meso/meso landing.jpg"
---
The best way to understand the power of hair restoration is to see it in
action. At CADMEN Clinic, we've helped hundreds of men and women across
Toronto restore their hair and confidence through PRP, exosomes, and
mesotherapy. These real client success stories highlight just how
transformative our treatments can be.

**Case Study 1: Male, 34 — Crown Thinning**

This client noticed a bald spot forming on his crown. After 4 PRP
sessions over 6 months, shedding stopped, and new growth filled in the
thinning area. His hairline remains natural and dense.

**Case Study 2: Female, 41 — Diffuse Thinning**

Suffering from hormonal changes and stress-related shedding, she chose
exosome therapy. Within 3 months, her hair was noticeably thicker along
her part line, and by 6 months, her overall volume had doubled.

**Case Study 3: Male, 28 — Maintenance After PRP**

Initially successful with PRP, he opted for mesotherapy as maintenance.
Twice-yearly treatments kept his scalp healthy and preserved his
results, preventing regression.

**Case Study 4: Female, 55 — Post-Menopause Hair Loss**

She experienced hair thinning across the scalp after menopause. A
combination of PRP and mesotherapy restored density, especially in her
frontal hairline. She regained confidence in wearing her hair pulled
back.

**Case Study 5: Male, 45 — Receding Hairline**

This client had a strong hairline recession. After 6 PRP sessions
followed by exosome therapy, his temples filled in significantly,
creating a more youthful, balanced appearance.

**Case Study 6: Female, 32 — Postpartum Shedding**

After giving birth, this client faced intense shedding. Three PRP
sessions stabilized the loss, and mesotherapy boosted scalp health.
Within 4 months, baby hairs regrew along her hairline.

**Case Study 7: Male, 50 — Long-Term Shedding**

Years of progressive thinning left his scalp visibly sparse. A series of
exosome treatments thickened hair density across the top of his head,
slowing further recession.

**Case Study 8: Female, 29 — Stress-Related Hair Loss**

As a young professional in Toronto, stress triggered excessive shedding.
Two PRP sessions drastically reduced fallout. Within 3 months, her part
line looked fuller and healthier.

**Case Study 9: Male, 38 — Early Bald Spot Prevention**

He came in at the first signs of thinning at the crown. Preventative PRP
therapy preserved his density, keeping balding at bay and avoiding more
invasive procedures.

**Case Study 10: Female, 47 — Combination Therapy for Maximum
Results**

Frustrated with thinning hair despite years of topical treatments, she
began a combined program: PRP, exosomes, and mesotherapy. The layered
approach gave her thicker, healthier hair within 9 months.

**Ready to take the first step? Book your free consultation at CADMEN
Clinic today.**
